[Subtitles in the making and will be available soon]
Secret document.
Behind the oil painting,
Si-woo is still missing.
The situation is getting worse.
is not good for us.
What should we do
What should we do, Chairman?
Otherwise...
What's going on?
I'll go take a look.
Chairman.
What's going on?
Could it be that the wind
because of the wind?
Check the CCTV.
Security.
This is the most critical moment.
Make sure
the family and the company.
I'll go now.
I got it.
The informant just sent it.
No one opened it.
This is
from Lu Si Nan.
Tan Xin.
Open it.
Haimeng.
It's me.
Today,
just finished the wedding procedure.
The wedding will be held the day after tomorrow.
In the future,
we should go to Monu
for our honeymoon.
Today,
here today
to tell you
I lied to you.
From a year ago,
I met you at the book cafe
was a premeditated plan.
My family...
Six months ago,
the most serious
the most serious credit crisis.
[Long Road Capital Group]
of my father.
due to the failure of the real estate industry,
due to the failure of the real estate industry.
a large amount of credit funds.
My family is going to collapse.
Actually,
I could have left them alone.
But if
I run away alone,
My father...
my sister and brother
will face
in their life.
They will lose
everything they have now.
Real estate.
financial education and future.
what will they face?
what they will face.
And
my dad took my son.
He was my love
since college.
who was born abroad.
My dad threatened me
as a threat.
to make my final choice.
choose my son
or lie to you.
I chose
You.
I know no matter how many times
no matter how many times I say sorry,
cannot be made up.
what my family and I
did to you.
You cheated me into getting married.
to steal the shares
Yunhai International.
In the name of marriage,
in the name of marriage.
of your family.
I have no right
to ask for your forgiveness.
But Haimeng,
I left this video message
to tell you
I want to change my plan.
I won't follow my father's plan.
I've made arrangements.
My local friends
at our honeymoon hotel.
As my father asked,
[as my father asked.]
I will secretly
secretly.
your friends will take you away immediately
and protect
your personal safety.
I will return to China.
and take away
your Yunhai shares.
We use this shares
to get enough support.
to support
to make a comeback,
I will return to you
and explain to you myself.
everything that happened.
This is the only thing
the only way
I can think of.
The only way to protect my family.
my love,
and the last way
to not hurt you.
It turns out that Lu Si Nan
arranged someone in the hotel
to make you pretend to be dead
and take you out.
I don't believe it.
If he really wanted to take me away,
why would he
on the swimming pool?
Why is someone still in the room?
Why did we
in a car accident?
Was that accident
really an accident?
One last thing.
If my plan fails,
If I stay in Monu,
and never come back,
What is Lu Si Nan talking about?
Hai Meng.
If I die in Mona,
Please...
try your best
to get everything from Yunhai International.
I have a feeling that
in order not to destroy the Lu family,
my dad
can do anything,
Including
with you.
Lu Si Nan means
he was forced to marry you by his father.
He wanted to steal your marriage
by cheating
in your marriage.
But three days before the departure,
he recorded this video
In the video,
he might
he will disappear
with you.
Lu Si Nan said
he might stay in Monu forever.
He has a hunch.
his father
wants to kill him.
How is that possible?
Lu Si Nan is the eldest son of the Lu family.
He is Lu Changdong’s son.
Lu Changdong threatened him
to threaten him.
is already unbelievable.
How could he
kill Lu Si Nan?
Could it be...
besides Lu Si Nan,
and asked me to pretend to die in Mona.
His father
wanted to kill both of us.
What you asked me to investigate
of the honeymoon hotel.
I only found one.
for decades.
to your phone.
Please check.
This is
of the hotel.
So...
There really is someone
wanted to kill Lu Si Nan.
I just remembered
Si Nan sent me some unexpected photos
when you were abroad.
and some strange words.
I don't know
is helpful
your stock case?
Are you safe these days?
When are you coming back?
What happened?
Sir.
Are you okay?
Hai Meng.
What happened?
Do you need help?
Hello.
Room service.
We didn't order room service.
Your wife ordered it.
What are you doing?
You work for Uncle Mo.
My dad wants to kill me.
He wants to kill me and Hai Meng.
Only the dead can keep the secret.
Si Nan.
Si Nan!
Go!
Go.
Get in.
Si Nan.
Who are they?
Thief or robbery?
Should I call the police?
I'll call the police.
If something happens to us,
don't contact anyone.
Don't ask anyone for help.
Don't trust anyone.
What did you say?
Remember what I said.
Hai Meng.
Haimeng, calm down.
Haimeng.
Impossible.
Lu Si Nan and I...
can't be like this.
Impossible.
I'm going to find him.
I want to ask him everything.
Mr. Ye.
Hai Meng.
Where is she going?
Is she going to Yun Manor
to see Lu Changdong?
Follow him.
That's about it.
I'll take a look.
Ms. Haimeng.
It's so late.
Dad.
Haimeng.
What are you doing?
If you want to kill me,
to take away Yunhai International,
Why did you kill Lu Si Nan?
He is your son.
He's your son.
Today,
not for my youngest son.
but for my eldest son.
Even the vicious tiger doesn't eat its son.
Why did you
to Lu Si Nan?
As the eldest son
and my eldest son,
He doesn’t have
to inherit the family business
and his family.
He even married
behind his parents' back.
Did he lose his mother
he lost
the warmth of the family?
I let him grow up freely.
It's my fault.
Am I wrong?
He's obedient.
He's not ambitious.
How can you be
Lu Changdong’s son?
How can he be qualified for long-distance capital?
the next successor?
So you must kill him.
It's his honor
for his family.
In my eyes,
in my eyes,
all my efforts
of all efforts
no one is not worth sacrificing.
As long as he
the interests of the Lu family,
hinders the journey of long-distance capital.
No matter who he is,
my eldest son,
or my youngest son.
He must die.
That's nonsense.
In this world,
besides money,
there are more valuable things
and more precious things.
Those are trash.
What are you talking about?
Love.
Family and friends.
They're all trash.
Your trash can't be exchanged.
A cent of profit
for
to survive.
In this ruthless
and cruel world,
only fighting
without feelings.
Why are you laughing?
I'm laughing.
You're so pitiful.
What did you say?
In your world,
only black
There's no white.
Only evil.
and no kindness.
You've never
feel the love of your family.
Never
admired by my sons.
and admired by my wife.
All your life,
is capital.
[Murder]
Murder.
Do you think
you can control the world
you can control the world.
Listen.
Impossible.
Ye Haimeng.
Today,
I'll be your opponent.
I'll show you
you're not the only strong one.
Not only men
can control everything.
Not only evil
can win all of this.
I'll protect the land of Yunhai
and destroy your long-distance capital.
According to overseas data,
Lu family and Long Lu Group
have received overseas capital votes.
Yunhai International.
[Stock Price]
in overseas market
[has been greatly suppressed.]
Initial estimation.
In the past week,
Yunhai assets have disappeared over a billion yuan.
several foreign chain companies
announced to break off with Yunhai Group.
Yunhai has suffered
of the capital market
is in danger.
Son.
You're back.
Well...
Your dad
was retired.
He's not in a good mood lately.
I thought
the weather is good these days.
He wants to go out for a walk.
I...
prepare more things for him.
in case he goes up the mountain and down the sea.
It's not enough.
Mom.
Do you want to join us?
I should.
Mom.
I'm hungry.
I'll make you some noodles.
Thank you, Mom.
What are you doing?
Dad.
Don't call me dad.
I don't have
an ungrateful son.
We worked so hard to raise you.
Is this how you repay me?
Did you take a photo?
Give me your phone.
Dad.
Give it to me.
This is all the evidence
of Yunhai Island.
If you don't want to
spend the rest of your life in prison,
just admit your mistake.
Xiang Haimeng.
to all shareholders in Yunhai
to all shareholders in Yunhai.
You want me to confess?
We've seen through
all your secrets.
If you repent now,
you still have a chance of survival.
But if you continue
continue to be obsessed,
not only will you hurt me,
but also the whole Ye family.
Nonsense!
Nonsense.
Give me your phone.
Give it to me.
I've sent it.
Hai Meng and Ling Ke have received it.
Are you rebelling?
I don't want to stand it anymore.
You and mom
brought me back from the orphanage.
I've been
for 20 years.
I acknowledge you for beating and scolding.
and make you happy.
I just want to
to get your recognition.
But Dad,
Have you ever
Have you ever looked at me?
Have you ever listened to me?
You can't
on me
on me.
I'm a human.
I'm not a kitten or a puppy.
I'm not someone who can live
just because you gave me a bowl of rice.
It's been more than 20 years.
I've done everything
for this family.
I don't want to continue.
What do you mean?
I don't want my surname to be Ye anymore.
From now on,
I will only live for myself
I only live for myself.
I finally said what I wanted to say.
right?
Do you
want to take over my property?
Then,
killed me and your mother.
How ungrateful!
Give me your phone.
Give it to me.
I will repay
for raising you.
But...
Dad.
People can't amplify
infinitely.
Haimeng family
used to treat us
the closest family.
But you and mom
gave them
to them.
I can't accept
I can't
I can't be
a son of such a family.
I hope
we will never
never meet again.
What's wrong with you guys?
Get up.
Bai Chen.
No.
Where are you going?
Haimeng.
There are two more branch companies
two more companies.
It seems that Lu Changdong
for this time.
No response.
But when I lost control,
our headquarters
the more we lose.
With our stock price,
is close to the bottom.
to our financial institution.
will withdraw their investment.
We'll be in trouble then.
Don't be afraid.
It's okay.
Go see him.
How can I leave
I can't leave.
Go see him.
Leave this to me.
If anything happens,
you must call me
immediately.
From now on,
call me a kid anymore.
Call me boyfriend.
I'm willing
to stay by your side.
I'm willing to
to be with you and love you.
I'm here.
It won't hurt anymore.
Hello.
Are you Ms. Ye Haimeng
Ms. Ye Haimeng?
Yes.
How can I help you?
Hello.
We are Mr. Lu Si Yu.
Mr. Lu Siyu invested in.
I want to inform you today.
We've transferred Mr. Lu
to a new investor
to a new investor.
The transfer fee
The total is 22 million.
According to Mr. Lu’s authorization,
After deducting taxes,
has been transferred to your personal account.
You can
as you want.
What did you say?
The transfer fee of Si Yu Archery
to my account.
Why?
We just followed
Mr. Lu Si Yu's authorization.
Authorization?
When did that happen?
Was Si-woo
at the archery hall?
Si-woo already...
Except the transfer notice,
we can't tell you anything else.
Haimeng.
It's me.